about the novelty irobot scooba 230 washing
robot vacuum cleaner
will show you a complete set that he has it
accordingly, instructions for use
detergents
battery charger which
connect to the network there is a vacuum cleaner robot
and motion limiter in more detail
tell you how it costs a cube have
accordingly, you can handle it
move has two keys clip this
start cleaning and key start
accordingly turn on the drink and on
her two tanks for cold and
for dirty water and pure water has god
everything
block everything is so serious it can be washed
the wheels are also foam standards
how to use anything
this is called the Pope the first cleaning your
the task must be to
power accordingly charge first
battery put it on full cycle
Charging it at 14 o'clock is done when
the first use of a vacuum cleaner
after you charge the vacuum cleaner
you can fill it with water
detergent for this open
create ivuara
so it is shown mixing
300-350 400 milliliters of water with one
detergent bag
close the tanks and can run
his job a and robot scuba 230
handle 14 square meters
This is considered great since Igor cleaning
also robot scuba have small cycles
cleaning is 6 square meters
in order to run a big cycle
cleaning up
cleaning press the wedge and
accordingly, the vacuum cleaner starts at you
work out 14 square meters
after processing 14 square meters he
will signal that he has finished
cleaning
but water can't stay and
accordingly you can run it
on short
cleaning cycle pressing the clip key
hold it up to 2 tunes like mine
robot vacuum cleaner
cube 230 it has a block account and if this
block to remove from him and have
sprayer respectively like through
he sprays detergents with him
water moves it on a wheel moves
spiraling at the intersection and along the walls
accordingly he calculates
the square of your room and goes around
her bag
available at 3 250 per panel
it's spraying detergent with water
self-cleaning floor and drying
this way you presented us a bit
230 washing vacuum for 8 on this